com/example/easycooking/databinding/ItemCompraBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ItemCompraBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/CardsBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.CardsBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/DialogBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.DialogBinding
com/example/easycooking/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.easycooking.DataBindingTriggerClass
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityInserisciRicettaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityInserisciRicettaBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityScriviricettaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityScriviricettaBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentRicettaDelGiornoBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentRicettaDelGiornoBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentLogInBaseBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentLogInBaseBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentContattaciBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentContattaciBinding
com/example/easycooking/DB/ChoiceDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.easycooking.DB.ChoiceDatabase_Impl
 com.example.easycooking.DB.ChoiceDatabase_Impl$1
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentListaspesaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentListaspesaBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentLogoutBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentLogoutBinding
com/example/easycooking/BR.java
 com.example.easycooking.BR
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityDialogBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityDialogBinding
com/example/easycooking/adapter/ricetta/RicettaDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.easycooking.adapter.ricetta.RicettaDAO_Impl
 com.example.easycooking.adapter.ricetta.RicettaDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.easycooking.adapter.ricetta.RicettaDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.easycooking.adapter.ricetta.RicettaDAO_Impl$3
 com.example.easycooking.adapter.ricetta.RicettaDAO_Impl$4
 com.example.easycooking.adapter.ricetta.RicettaDAO_Impl$5
 com.example.easycooking.adapter.ricetta.RicettaDAO_Impl$6
 com.example.easycooking.adapter.ricetta.RicettaDAO_Impl$7
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityResetPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityResetPasswordBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/IspiramiBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.IspiramiBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityRicettaTuaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityRicettaTuaBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentDispensaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentDispensaBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentSingolaRicettaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentSingolaRicettaBinding
com/example/easycooking/spesa/SpesaDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.easycooking.spesa.SpesaDAO_Impl
 com.example.easycooking.spesa.SpesaDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.easycooking.spesa.SpesaDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.easycooking.spesa.SpesaDAO_Impl$3
 com.example.easycooking.spesa.SpesaDAO_Impl$4
 com.example.easycooking.spesa.SpesaDAO_Impl$5
 com.example.easycooking.spesa.SpesaDAO_Impl$6
 com.example.easycooking.spesa.SpesaDAO_Impl$7
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityDbBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityDbBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityBaseBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityBaseBinding
com/example/easycooking/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.easycooking.BuildConfig
com/example/easycooking/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.easycooking.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.easycooking.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.easycooking.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityVistaRicettaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityVistaRicettaBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityInserisciInDispensaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityInserisciInDispensaBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityCompraBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityCompraBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentRicettecercaBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentRicettecercaBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ItemViewBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/FragmentRicettetueBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.FragmentRicettetueBinding
com/example/easycooking/DB/DispensaDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.easycooking.DB.DispensaDAO_Impl
 com.example.easycooking.DB.DispensaDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.easycooking.DB.DispensaDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.easycooking.DB.DispensaDAO_Impl$3
 com.example.easycooking.DB.DispensaDAO_Impl$4
 com.example.easycooking.DB.DispensaDAO_Impl$5
 com.example.easycooking.DB.DispensaDAO_Impl$6
 com.example.easycooking.DB.DispensaDAO_Impl$7
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityBaseNonRegBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityBaseNonRegBinding
com/example/easycooking/databinding/ActivityRegistratiBinding.java
 com.example.easycooking.databinding.ActivityRegistratiBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
